README.md, before:

# Personal ProxmoxScripts
My personal Proxmox Helper Scripts inspired by the [Proxmox community scripts](https://github.com/community-scripts/ProxmoxVE/)
 
—

## 🚀 Project Overview

**Proxmox Scripts** is a collection of tools to simplify the setup and management of Proxmox Virtual Environment (VE). This is to simplify reoccurring tasks or create own versions of existing scripts

—

## 📦 Features
 
—

## ✅ Requirements

Ensure your system meets the following prerequisites:

- **Proxmox VE version**: 8.x or higher
- **Linux**: Compatible with most distributions
- **Dependencies**: bash and curl should be installed.

—

## 🚀 Installation / Updates

To install clone the repo or run the following  ommand

https://raw.githubusercontent.com/KriGosSa/ProxmoxScripts/refs/heads/main/setup.sh

—


## 🤝 Report a Bug or Feature Request

If you encounter any issues or have suggestions for improvement, file a new issue on our [GitHub issues page](https://github.com/KriGosSa/ProxmoxScripts/issues). You can also submit pull requests with solutions or enhancements!

But be aware: this is a personal hobby script collection (I have a day job and a Family) so reaction times might be longer.

—

## 📜 License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

</br>
</br>
<p align=“center”>
  <i style=“font-size: smaller;”><b>Proxmox</b>® is a registered trademark of <a href=“https://www.proxmox.com/en/about/company”>Proxmox Server Solutions GmbH</a>.</i>
</p>

Commit message:

first try on an install function

README.md, after:

# Personal ProxmoxScripts
My personal Proxmox Helper Scripts inspired by the [Proxmox community scripts](https://github.com/community-scripts/ProxmoxVE/)
 
—

## 🚀 Project Overview

**Proxmox Scripts** is a collection of tools to simplify the setup and management of Proxmox Virtual Environment (VE). This is to simplify reoccurring tasks or create own versions of existing scripts


## 📦 Features
 
— Complete setup of a new container (map root user, create login user, disable root shell in container, create volume mapping with corresponding access rights)
- Updater/Installer with single download: easily check what you get in advance

## ✅ Requirements

Ensure your system meets the following prerequisites:

- **Proxmox VE version**: 8.x or higher
- **Linux**: Compatible with most distributions
- **Dependencies**: bash and curl should be installed.


## 🚀 Installation / Updates

To install clone the repo or run the following  ommand

https://raw.githubusercontent.com/KriGosSa/ProxmoxScripts/refs/heads/main/setup.sh

```bash
bash -c “$(wget -qLO - https://github.com/KriGosSa/ProxmoxScripts/raw/main/install.func) install”



## 🤝 Report a Bug or Feature Request

If you encounter any issues or have suggestions for improvement, file a new issue on our [GitHub issues page](https://github.com/KriGosSa/ProxmoxScripts/issues). You can also submit pull requests with solutions or enhancements!

But be aware: this is a personal hobby script collection (I have a day job and a Family) so reaction times might be longer.

—

## 📜 License

This project is licensed under the [MIT License](LICENSE).

</br>
</br>
<p align=“center”>
  <i style=“font-size: smaller;”><b>Proxmox</b>® is a registered trademark of <a href=“https://www.proxmox.com/en/about/company”>Proxmox Server Solutions GmbH</a>.</i>
</p>
